make use of sortedness of rocksdb primary index (#7788)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/Books/Manual/ReleaseNotes/NewFeatures35.md

ArangoDB 3.5. ArangoDB 3.5 also contains several bug fixes that are not listed
here.

> * We now make use of the sorted-ness of primary indexes if the RocksDB engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The optimizer can now make use of the sorted-ness of primary indexes if the RocksDB engine
```

>   is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is used. This means the primary index can be utilized for sorting by `_key` or `_id`
  attribute as well as for range queries (note that the document key is still a string).
```
